docs: update uv instructions (#11322)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/user/build-customization.rst

Install dependencies with ``uv``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Projects can use `uv <https://github.com/astral-sh/uv/>`__,

> to install Python dependencies, usually reducing the time taken to install compared to pip, possibly dramatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to install Python dependencies, usually reducing the time taken to install compared to pip.
```

     os: "ubuntu-22.04"
     tools:
       python: "3.10"
     commands:
       - asdf plugin add uv
       - asdf install uv latest
       - asdf global uv latest
       - uv venv
       - uv pip install .[docs]
       - .venv/bin/python -m sphinx -T -b html -d docs/_build/doctrees -D language=en docs $READTHEDOCS_OUTPUT/html

> You can use ``-r docs/requirements.txt``, etc. instead as needed. And mkdocs would use ``.venv/bin/python -m mkdocs build --site-dir $READTHEDOCS_OUTPUT/html``.

Author: ```suggestion
You can use ``-r docs/requirements.txt``, etc. instead as needed. And mkdocs would use ``. .venv/bin/activate && NO_COLOR=1 mkdocs build --strict --site-dir $READTHEDOCS_OUTPUT/html``.
```

For some reason, MkDocs-macros doesn't work if you just run it from the venv directly. Will look into why that happens, for now, this is probably a good idea to avoid mistakes.

Author: ```suggestion
You can use ``-r docs/requirements.txt``, etc. instead as needed. And mkdocs would use ``NO_COLOR=1 .venv/bin/mkdocs build --strict --site-dir $READTHEDOCS_OUTPUT/html``.
```

I was told it should work, so this should be fine.

Author: Yes, it was a custom plugin. This is fine.

> You can use ``-r docs/requirements.txt``, etc. instead as needed. And mkdocs would use ``NO_COLOR=1 .venv/bin/mkdocs build --strict --site-dir $READTHEDOCS_OUTPUT/html``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use ``-r docs/requirements.txt``, etc. instead as needed. MkDocs projects could use ``NO_COLOR=1 .venv/bin/mkdocs build --strict --site-dir $READTHEDOCS_OUTPUT/html`` instead.
```
